All right. So now we've done our deployment,
let's look at how we can trigger something to happen automagically.
Specifically, what we're concerned about is how to
make it so that it can continuously check GitHub and
see if the information in GitHub has changed
versus the cached storage information which is on Jenkins.
So to do this we're going to exit out of Blue Ocean.
You'll notice in the top right-hand corner you have
logout and then you have an arrow inside of a square.
We're going to click on that arrow and we're gonna go ahead and click on
Blue Ocean to get inside of that branch and we're going to click on Master.
We're going to click on Blue Ocean and we're going to click on
configure and what we are concerned about is the scan repository triggers.
So in the top middle of the screen click on that Skinner repository
triggers and we have a checkbox periodically if not otherwise run.
So you're going to select that and you're going to change the dropdown.
Let's select something a little bit more aggressive. About one minute.
It's just our server.
So we're not particularly concerned about making the experience bad for anybody else.
So we'll go ahead and click on apply.
Great. So now we've set it up so that anytime that new information is pushed out to Git,
it will attempt to do something with that information, i.e., built. Okay.